🗒️ update react-server's doc to mentioned how to customized error page (#1847)
Shopify/quilt: packages/react-server/README.md

  render: RenderFunction;
  // whether to run in debug mode
  debug?: boolean;

>   // a function similar to the render option but specifically used to customized error page for production SSR errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // a function similar to option but used to customize the production SSR error page
```
